hello everybody
hello dark side phil here welcome
to the latest edition of ask the king
and welcome to a bar that is completely
not centered there you go
fixed it welcome to ask the king
everyone this is episode 82.
that's right i've done 82 of these
things over the past almost decade
i believe the show has been running um
this is the show where i answer
your questions whether you submitted
them on my forums the king of hate dot
com
whether you posted them up over on my
twitter at they call me dsp
whether you ask them live via
contributions here today on the stream
or whether you just ask them and talk
about in the stream chat later on when i
open the stream chat up to that
possibility
this is where i am here to interact with
you
and give you all the burning answers to
the wait
the questions to the no the answers to
the burning questions
that you've been asking that sounds a
little better um
so a few things before we get started
here first of all
thanks to everyone who posted up a
question i really appreciate that those
who go out of their way
uh i've questioned the validity of this
show over the past year
asking if we really still need to do it
because i am now an interactive streamer
and have been for three years and
basically i answer
people's questions constantly on every
stream
and i'm wondering what's the point of a
q a show when my stream has
constant q a going on during it um but
every time i kind of suggest this is the
end of the show people go
no it's one of your longest running
things you've got to keep it going phil
especially because over the past few
years you stopped with the week in
preview and the
channel updates and things like that and
we really like it because this is like a
nostalgia trip for us when you do ask
the king
so i said okay i'll keep doing it as
long as people
keep saying that they want it but i'm
going to be very honest with all of you
i said this to the people on pre-stream
and i'll say it now for the on-demand
viewers on youtube as well
this was a rough one this this time
around i didn't get
many varied questions at all i got a lot
of questions that are things i usually
answer every day on stream anyway
um and quite honestly a lot of the
questions that i got were jokes like
people kind of trolling
um i did get some good questions but not
a lot to the point where it was hard to
put together a show
based on answering questions when a lot
of people tell me oh i forgot to post up
my question
you see what i'm saying the last week
two weeks i've actually had it in the
stream chat
and everything running and i think a lot
of people are apprehensive to post up
questions because of the forums
i mean i can't imagine why you don't use
forums like there's some horrid thing or
something um
also i accept them on twitter as you
guys know uh another thing i should i
should point out because i don't mention
it much anymore
if you're a patron of mine and you're at
the 20 patron level
the perk that you get is you get your
question answered in detail and in full
here on ask the king guaranteed
you get a full on you know what i mean
answer a lot of people are like well
what's how is that better than just like
say cheering during a stream and getting
a question answered
when you ask me a question on a stream
typically i'll take a minute to answer
it and i move on
to the next question or the next piece
of game play when you ask me a question
i ask the king i take my time to answer
your questions i get
fully thought out answers and it's you
know a lot better than say just being
glossed over on a regular stream where i
got to get to game play
so that's what the benefit is if you're
interested in my patreon it's
patreon.com forward slash darkside phil
we actually hadn't had a patreon ask a
question in months this time we finally
got one
so we're actually going to be going
through a patreon question today on the
show okay
but that's what i mean like but even
between patreon
my forums the kingofate.com and twitter
it was still
hard to put together enough good
questions to do the show so again i kind
of went
i i think it was around a year ago
where i kind of got to the point where i
was questioning whether the show should
still exist
i'm kind of questioning whether the show
should still exist if you want to see it
continue i urge you
post up questions for the show
participate in the show
the more participation i get the better
the show is it's not like you know
trying to scrape by enough questions to
put a show together and being honest
with you guys
this may have been being a much shorter
show than usual because i don't have a
lot to work with you know what i mean
i'm okay with that but again i don't
want to be wasting everyone's time if i
could have been doing gameplay or
something today
so be it you know so let's see how the
show goes i am going to be asking you
know
questions from those on the stream and
everything as well now another thing
i said this before i started recording
for youtube but i'll say it again
for those who are live all right um
ask the king is based on me answering
questions that have already been
submitted
and then you know live interaction if
you contribute during the stream thank
you very much and of course we are still
trying to to
hit the best streak for today and hit a
tips goal for today
i'm gonna give you guys shout outs for
your contributions but you gotta be a
little patient because i'm gonna be
answering questions from the forums and
twitter
i'm not gonna interrupt those to give
shout outs randomly okay if i can wedge
answers in between for shout outs for
contributions i'll do it
but outside of that i'm going to be
primarily focusing on these questions
once i get to them
please understand that all right
all right so let's do a few quick shout
outs and then we'll get to the questions
supporting key keychains and derek says
he's ready for ask the king and he
posted some questions on forum and
twitter
and the next one is this september yes
early september i think
i want to say september 10th it's really
going to be more dependent on what new
releases are coming out in september
which we don't know yet
but we'll see it's going to be early
september um snorlax cheers film make
for maybe for a future vest streak or
sub goal
the fans can vote for a pass play
through a video series you backed up
that was deleted to be reuploaded
maybe except i might not have it you
know i mean
number one we're relying on this these
backup hard drives that i've used for a
decade still working which i don't know
i haven't plugged them in in years
and number two that those files are
still going to be working properly then
corrupt you know there's a lot of
factors involved
um one thing that people were saying is
maybe older game
playthroughs that have been deleted like
for example final fantasy 13
that's a play through that people really
like it's gone maybe i could go back and
replay that game in the modern era with
direct capture
that's a possibility um but we'll see
thanks for the suggestion ultimate cloud
did a hundred bit chair and said please
ban they call me jim bob he's been late
two days in a row all right
i guys gotta hold on guys give me a
second we'll get to the questions i
gotta ban gymbop here we go ready
gone okay jim bob is permanently banned
he'll never come back
uh yeah right john paul gautier has
resubscribed for four months it's good
to see
asic kings back hope this helps in a
small way towards the tax situation
uh right now i don't know what the tax
situation is we're gonna find out but
thanks for the contribution okay it is
time
to get to the questions we're gonna
start with a question from a patron
and a longtime supporter planet jeff and
he asks the following question
is there a way that you could post your
tentative long-term schedule somewhere
other than on your pre-streams
like in a text format it'd be easier to
find rather than rummaging through
pre-streams
if you're already doing this though
apologies of course all qualifiers
remain based on life and game factors
but it would be a great way for us to
schedule our sick days
i remember doing that with your awesome
dual playthroughs of until dawn but it
was a happy circumstance i was able to
attend that stay strong and healthy
first of all good to hear from you
planning jeff it's been a while and i
hope you're doing well
in regards to my gaming schedule this
year has been a pretty wild year
for gaming and life in general as
everyone knows with this
covet 19 pandemic everything was thrown
for a loop i mean
earlier this year in january i said gee
maybe i'll do quarterly videos while
update everyone on everything going on
with me and then i'll talk about the
game schedule and like right
then the pandemic hit and all game
schedules got screwed up
um you know what i mean everything got
completely
thrown for a freaking lou all right and
it's to the point where
we don't know what the hell's happening
we don't know what the hell is happening
with the world let alone game releases
so that whole idea of oh every quarter
i'll do a video
didn't happen um here we are in july and
people are actually asking me now g phil
when are you going to talk about the
gaming schedule
what's going on with the gaming schedule
are you ever going to update the gaming
schedule
i'd like to but i haven't really had an
opportunity to and i realize
okay once july is over i really don't
know the dates of other releases for
games for the rest of the year i do need
to take a time to sit down
and talk about the gaming schedule and i
actually said what we
probably do is uh
come this next vest celebration
which if we hit a 200 vest streak that
would be probably either very late july
or very early august
i would have a segment in that
celebration where we go through the game
schedule for the rest of the year
and talk about all the games coming out
the dates and the ones i'm super
interested in that segment
can be uploaded as here's the game
schedule update that you guys can watch
so you know exactly what to expect
for the rest of the year okay
so if you feel that that's fair that's
what i think i'm gonna do
hold on one second everyone because i'm
getting information
that possibly things are not working
right now
i'm gonna check on that
i don't know it looks like it's working
for me
basically i just got a cheer from
spartan king he says tipping isn't
working right now
well i already got several tips earlier
today on the stream
and i haven't gotten word from anyone
else that's
that tipping isn't working so i don't
know if it's not just working for you
or you know i don't know what the you
got to give me more information about
that
if there's an error or something but it
works i just clicked on it and it seems
to be working
and ryan just tipped and it went through
so spartan king i'm not sure what you're
experiencing but apparently it's
something that's not common because
ryan was just able to tip a dollar so
there you go
darkseidfield from 2010 cheered and did
a quote from my spider-man
uh playthrough from like 11 years ago
thank you for the cheer and then ryan
had tipped that dollar let's add that
anyway so let's let's elaborate a little
bit more
um on the answer here that i'm giving to
planet chat
um one of the things that i changed in
is that i stopped doing an actual
physical gaming calendar
if you remember over here on my office
wall
and then before then back when i lived
in connecticut on my kitchen wall
i always bought a giant wall calendar
where i would put it up and with dry
erase marker i would write all the game
releases for the year out
with dates and everything associated
with them and then you would i would
know okay that's what games coming out
when i actually use that to plan out
scheduling
and to buy games and i would take a
video of it usually and paste that video
up and all of that
um i didn't do that this year for the
first time i said you know i don't think
i really need the giant calendar anymore
even though i'm a visual guy and i like
seeing it
i was just gonna try to play it by ear
and just remember releases and i have a
piece of paper and you know note paper
where i took notes of the game releases
and stuff
and that's what i've been using as a
guideline um
admittedly though like i said this
pandemic threw everything into a
whirlwind
where time is like completely out of
whack it doesn't feel like it's july at
all to me
it feels to me like we're like what
happened between march and july like
march is when the pandemic started here
we are over four months later
where did all the time go where all the
games go right it's just a very odd
situation
um so i understand for those who maybe
used to like oh phil used to do
a gaming schedule update video where's
the video it doesn't exist anymore
uh i don't do it formally anymore i
don't even have a calendar to do it but
what i will do
is like i said if when we basically if
we hit vest street 200
that's you know late july early august
that's what i'm going to sit down and do
the next
schedule update and that will be a video
where you can watch it just in its
entirety
about the gaming schedule so that way
people can reference it as such
um is there a physical place i can list
it in writing
i mean i'm not even sure where i would
do that i could do it on my forums but
most people don't use the forums and
complain about the forums
if i post it on my twitter it'll get
lost in the shuffle because i can only
have
one thing pinned to my twitter a day and
that thing has to be the daily schedule
so i wouldn't even know where to put a
text
schedule you know what i'm saying i
wouldn't even know where that would be
pertinent or how that would make sense
i would definitely say video form would
make sense and that's why like i said
200 vest streak or worst case scenario
if we don't hit the vest street
okay that's okay
um i'll just do a video of it anyway an
individual video near like the end of
the month
okay so thank you planet jeff for the
question appreciate that very much
um so then you'll know you'll know what
games i'm covering if there's major
playthroughs you want to see live
like he said you want to schedule sick
days you'll take days off work to
actually watch playthroughs live
you'll be able to okay
okay let's continue now let's get to the
forum questions people who ask questions
on the king of haiti.com
the first question is from yoshino lover
and he says phil
this is a gaming question a lot of
people might have asked but why is it
you almost never do
platinum or completionist runs in any
video games
it may take a while and it's annoying a
bit sometimes but i think you'll feel
more rewarding
you can say you completely and fully
finished a game especially if it's a
shorter game
for example i just started doing them i
think it makes it feel more rewarding
unless it's online trophies and then
i'll put it on hold because you know
there's all kinds of requirements for
online gameplay or whatever um
good question in the 12 years i've been
a content creator on the internet you'd
probably find that very few times that i
ever
platinum a game for a full playthrough a
couple times that come to mind
i think uh sly cooper 2 from his hd
remaster collection
um bloodborne by platinum
um spider-man the last spider-man game
that just came out
uh you know on playstation 4. i platinum
that
among a few others they're not you know
not 100 coming to my i know i platinumed
a few
now why do is it so few and far between
when i platinum a game or 100
completionist run a game like for
example i just played
spongebob battle for bikini bottom
rehydrated on xbox one
and i came this close to doing 100
but i didn't finish it here's why
in most games right when you're watching
me play the game
most people are in it to watch me play
the narrative story and get to the
logical ending of the game and that's it
very few people who watch my live
streams are like phil needs to be a
completionist and go back and finish
every single piece of content in the
game
if it's an rpg and it's every side
mission or side piece of supplemental
content or grinding style
you know kind of gathering or collect
quest missions
in platforming games you know what i
mean like
those take a lot of time in reality do
people like hanging out with me on
stream i think they do and i think there
would be some people in reality who
would like to just hang out with me no
matter what i'm playing
but in general people are looking for at
least entertainment and quality of
gameplay
while they're also entertained by my
personality and my interactions with
them
if i'm playing a game that's boring as
freaking dirt
they're not getting much out of it okay
and i'll give you a perfect example here
i'm playing spongebob battle for bikini
bottom and it was really fun
to go and get all the collectibles the
spatulas the stinky socks
getting enough of the sparklies or
shinies or whatever the hell they were
called to buy
more of the spatulas or whatever but we
got to a logical point in the game where
i'd done everything
but the collect quest stuff grinding in
order to buy the final items and and
do 100 i've done everything else in the
game i even spent about 25 minutes at
the end of my play through the final
stream
grinding and we still didn't do it it's
like now
in reality you guys really want to see
me go back
and do another hour to hour and a half
stream just sitting there repetitively
doing the same thing
doing nothing but just kind of talking
with you guys
it's not entertainment you see what i
mean now there may be some people
who do get entertainment factor out of
completionist runs and things like that
there's people out there this guy called
the games completionist and stuff like
that
uh achievement hunter right these are
people who they're known
on the internet for being a hundred
percenters they go out there and they
have to do every piece of content in a
game
to feel like they've completed it and
that's good because that's what people
go there for
that's not what people come to watch me
for i've never been that kind of a guy
and although there have been times where
i have enjoyed another one that came to
mind blue dragon
blue dragon is a game that i 100
percented
um why because i just love the game so
much that was back when i was grinding
games offline before i was doing stuff
for youtube all the time
and i just enjoyed grinding it at night
having a drink getting all the
characters up to level 99 and you know
what i mean i enjoy getting 100 of all
achievements in that game
but it's not entertaining for a stream
uh especially someone like me who's a
variety streamer who's trying to give
you an entertainment quality
on every stream this is my completionist
stream where we grind shinies in
spongebob for two hours
and there's no content besides me just
gabbing with you guys because the game's
boring is dirt doing this
oh look i got 100 achievement points
because i did it
you see what i mean there's people who
have that gimmick they can run with it
and people will tune in people who are
completionist
viewers will already tune into those
people they're not going to come over to
dark side phil's stream
to watch him become game completionist
in random games i'm not saying it might
not be fun to do so
but in general it's probably not fun to
watch me do it
um the few games that i've done it
usually was because it was easily
obtainable like sly cooper 2 in
particular
as long as you spent just a little bit
of extra time in every world it was
fairly fun
and reasonable to 100 a game get all the
collectibles and do everything you
needed to do to get the platinum
all right spider-man was a little bit
more of a grind i remember you had to
take over all the random
crimes that were happening in every
district of new york city had to keep
doing them over and over and it got
really boring near the end to do it but
i did do it and i got the platinum
um so it really depends
on the game okay it does it's going to
depend highly on the game
but in general i don't think it's what
my audience tunes in for and you guys
never really asked for it either like
very rarely people are like you got 100
the game phil
it's usually more the opposite once the
narrative is done people lose interest
just move on to something new
right
only iced coffee did 150 bits here say
phil you're doing well today thank you
only iced coffee i am and thank you for
the top cheer of the day let's get you
up on the leaderboard before we move on
to our next question
okay
all right moving on to the next question
from the forums
okay interesting question this one's
from moromoria he says you know i've
heard you mentioned
this term several times do you actually
believe in karma
the concept of samsara while we're at it
i've been taught that karma is not quite
like having a system of instant rewards
and punishments where a divine entity
judges
but instead it's essentially the laws of
cause and effect in which the intentions
of the person matter and influence it
naturally in simple words if you sow
compassion
that you're going to reap compassion
which should also affect your next life
according to some interpretations
and behavior motivated by greed hatred
or delusion
naturally causes pain to oneself and to
others and vice versa
there's a wide number of views on this
topic and a lot to cover and i won't
extend
uh i won't extend myself but to me this
is nothing more than another way for
humans to cope with this world's misery
and there's no scientific evidence that
good ill or good or ill intentions
directly affect the outcome of anything
just because of the morality of it
specifically when we add the
subjectivity aspect of what's considered
to be good or bad
in any case what's your opinion on all
this and i figured i'd ask since you
used this term
interesting question that we could talk
about for a little bit here
um especially in particular someone like
me
who admittedly has done many things in
the wrong over my 12 years that i've
been a content creator and i've tried to
to actively improve myself not only as a
content creator but as a person
over the last you know dozen years um
and karma becomes a factor because a lot
of people say you know the reason that
a lot of people hate phil is because
early on in his days when he was very
popular on youtube he was the underdog
um he did a lot of [ __ ] up stuff he
said racist things on his in his content
he did messed up a messed up joke about
the jews
um and nazis and he used to say so much
over
sexualized content that people really
found offensive and was very sexist
towards women
and all the stuff that phil used to do
basically compiled for two or three
years and even though there was
a viewer base there who liked how
immature he was then it kind of just
turned on its head karma bit him in the
ass
and next thing you know he became the
running joke the butt of youtube gamers
you know oh my god he's the worst gamer
ever
and then the whole thing came from
underdog to guy who didn't deserve any
success whatsoever
and the whole thing got flipped on his
head okay
a lot of people have said that over the
years okay
admittedly then it's funny because
recently if you guys haven't noticed
this year in particular 2020 at least up
to now and i'm not superstitious but
knock on [ __ ] wood just in case
things have been going pretty good for
me this year things kind of have taken a
turn for the better
in regards to things behind the scenes
for me that were going horribly and were
basically ruining my life and
a lot of them got cleared up and now i'm
in a situation where there's like one
more major hurdle for this year and if
you can get over that one hurdle i'm
basically in the clear to kind of be
kind of how i was many years ago when i
was you know making good money on
youtube
and i was able to do okay i can improve
my business by doing this i can improve
my setup i could look to go on a trip or
i could do this
i may actually be back to that level
again if i just get through one more
hurdle and things don't go horribly
wrong which we're gonna find out
hopefully within a month or so from now
um
but in regards to that it's crazy
because if you look at the history of me
my life and the history of me as a
content creator it was like
when i started on youtube i got some
popularity and then all of a sudden very
negative things happened to me
including false copyright strikes and
hatred then all of a sudden
things got very positive for me again
and i became super popular but i got
cocky
so i did a bunch of dumb [ __ ] that was
really bad and then all of a sudden bad
things happened to me again
but then over the years you know of many
many bad things happening to me all of a
sudden i say 2017 was the beginning of
my life kind of turning around again
and then things increasingly started to
get more and more positive to the point
where this year is like one of in
reality
2020 has been one of the best years of
my life
because of some good stuff happening
behind the scenes and could potentially
be the start of a whole new life for me
kind of reboot
which is good i want to have a reboot
life with my family and have us have a
chance to be happy
rather than having things hanging over
my head for the rest of my life because
of bad decisions of my past okay
um is that karma is it you do a bunch of
bad stuff and then [ __ ] bites you in the
ass and then you go down but then
things build up as you do good things
again and then good things happen to you
i don't know
you know um what i would say is my
life's been very interesting and from my
own personal experiences it's weird
because i am
not superstitious at all at all
but some weird [ __ ] has happened to me
like
for example let's go back to 2010. in
i was still working my office job i
worked at this job this helicopter
company for almost five years all right
i had busted
my ass at this job i was working
overtime
unpaid i was doing things that weren't
in my pay grade i was trained to become
a continuous improvement guy
who i would look at the processes inside
of this company
from start to finish i'd map them out
i'd work with the employees to find out
what were the bottlenecks in the process
that made it
be hung up or not be efficient what
could we improve i
redesigned entire processes within this
company
and didn't get paid for it they were
paying me as being a customer service
rep
but i was doing the work of someone like
two pay grades above me
and they never paid me for on the
promise that they were eventually going
to pay me for it
and i was going to be able to do this
for a job after doing that for about a
year and a half
they told me it's not going to happen
they transferred me to another
department where i had
no experience in this kind of work and
within a month i was laid off from my
job
so all that happens that's bad [ __ ] that
happened to me that i didn't deserve
that was behind the scenes
and i relayed that to my youtube
audience right
my youtube audience in turn decided
enough of that [ __ ] we're gonna support
phil
he's a fun content creator he's a good
guy he doesn't deserve that kind of [ __ ]
that people would mistreat him let's try
to make things better for him so they
supported me in my efforts to try to
make youtube my full-time job
and it's funny because at this one point
i went to this this uh chinese
restaurant with my parents
and this was at a time when everything
was uncertain i didn't know if i was
going to be able to make money being a
youtuber or not everything was kind of
up in the air was before my youtube
partnership with machinima and all of
that
okay and i opened a fortune cookie
at the end of this chinese meal and the
fortune inside the fortune cookie said
you know you will not have to worry
about financial stuff ever again
and i'm reading it and i'm like whoa at
a time when my life is incredibly
uncertain and the biggest concern on my
mind is financially what's going to
happen because i just lost my job
i just got a fortune that says you don't
have to worry about it i'm not
exaggerating within like two three
months everything blew up for me on
youtube i became a full-time youtuber i
was able to do everything
i mean is that superstition is that
karma or is that coincidence
i don't know i don't know about how
things work
behind the scenes of everything all i
know is what happened to me in my
personal experience okay
but like i said then i started to become
a cocky idiot i thought that my [ __ ]
didn't stink i thought that no matter
what i did
i was above having any fault my content
was the best content out there i didn't
need to improve because i was popular so
obviously i'm doing the right thing
basically every wrong attitude you could
have being
someone who has an audience who watches
you every day
not growing not adapting you know what i
mean
it was just terrible the attitude that i
had there for about two to two and a
half to almost three years
of me just being an idiot and being
hard-headed
and it came back and bit me in the ass
because of that attitude
is that karma maybe um
what i can definitely tell you guys all
right
is my life has just been a series of ups
and downs like this you know
and at the very least the last couple of
years or last few years now since i
became a full-time streamer
all right i feel that i've become a way
more conscious person of things out
there in the world
people's attitudes toward me but also
just the way that i behave
and i feel that i've tried to actively
become a better person
that i try to be responsible now with
the things i say and do
on a daily basis um and even though
sometimes i still probably make mistakes
regularly because i'm human and you know
at least now when i'm called out for
those mistakes i've tried to fess up to
them
you're right i [ __ ] up i shouldn't
have said that i said the wrong thing
you know
when this whole pandemic first started i
was a staunch critic of wearing a face
mask out in public
i said it doesn't do anything right now
scientific evidence at the time
said it didn't do anything there was
actually a report from i think it was
the cdc
saying there's zero evidence that face
masks will stop transmission of the
coronavirus there was actually an
actual scientific article printed that
said that here we are months later
and i've completely done a 180 on the
situation i 100 believe every single
person out in public should be wearing a
face mask
right so i still to this day i say
things that i know could be
harmful to people i say things that
maybe and at the point of time that i
say them we have misinformation or
not correct information and then i have
to try to correct myself later
but thank god today i correct myself
because back in the day i wasn't like
that i'd be like
man i said minecraft sucks and it's just
for kids i gotta stick here
and just say minecraft sucks and it's
just for kids and i'll say that for five
years straight even though i'm an idiot
and never played the [ __ ] game
that's just ignorance and that's just
being a pigheaded [ __ ] and i don't want
to be like that anymore
so i've actively tried to make myself a
better person a more intelligent person
and
in reality the biggest part here a wiser
person
because i think as you get older and you
get through a lot of life experience
that can be both positive and negative
you gain a lot of wisdom about
how to handle certain situations and how
to handle yourself especially if you're
a public persona
like i am and so i really do feel that i
become a lot more wise
and now i actively look for time so
people are correcting me or saying
no phil you were maybe wrong on this you
want to reevaluate your situation i'll
do that
uh unlike how i used to be and all i can
say is this
you know like i said this year 2020
pretty much almost everything has gone
my way i hope
with this final hurdle that i'm about to
jump over or
at least try to jump over with this tax
situation is the last one
everything else you know can go smoothly
and if things keep going as positively
as there with the amount of support you
guys are giving me on a regular basis
and everything it the future's looking
bright
it is i'm i was just talking with people
on the pre-stream today
i'm like man if things keep going the
way they are by the end of this year
maybe i can finally get rid of this
stupid love seat that's sunken in and
gives me no support and i could put a
different kind of chair here maybe i
could finally get a green screen
for my content which people have only
asked me for for you know a million
years
and we can do all this improvement stuff
because i can actually do it now
i'm in a situation where i'll be able to
[ __ ] do improvements which i've
wanted to do for years and years that
would be amazing now guarantee
that that's going to happen because we
got to see what happens you know in this
next thing but
you see what i mean like things are just
so different for me now my world
is opening up for the first time in
years
is that because of karma is that because
over the last two
three years i've actively tried to make
amends for the messed up things i've
done in my past
and i've tried to change myself to be a
better person and a better content
creator i don't know
i don't know who's pulling the strings
behind the scenes or if it's all just
coincidence
and i think that's always going to be
this ongoing debate for everyone is
there actually
something behind the scenes of
everything is there this big
universal path that we all walk
and if you act one way things will go
right and if you act the other way
things will go wrong
what i will say is this it sure seems
there's a lot of people on this planet
that get away with [ __ ] that shouldn't
you know what i mean like it sure seems
to me like there's a lot of people
in positions of power there's a lot of
people who are filthy rich and you look
at their history and the way that they
behave as humans and you're like how the
[ __ ]
could that be how you know how could the
giant
ceo of a corporation who just announced
i have to lay off half of our workforce
because of the coronavirus
gives himself a pay bonus you know like
what but that's you know what i mean
where's karma for those [ __ ]
where is it to go bite those people in
the ass you know
but i don't know i don't know
i don't know what to say in that regard
um
i'll just tell you you know maybe maybe
it exists maybe it doesn't i'm kind of
i i'm not like i said i'm not a super
superstitious guy
in any way shape or form um
i'm a very analytical very logical facts
based person always have been
um but at the same time it sure seems
for me there's been these weird patterns
in my life
it does it seems to me like there's been
these very weird patterns in my life and
things going up and down
and right now things are going good and
i'm wondering if that's because of
active changes i made in the last few
years
i'll tell you this i love i love the
person i am now
i want to stay this person i don't want
to revert back to being an immature
idiot
who's obstinate and and just you know
basically offensive to everyone around
them because because i think i'm better
than everyone else i don't i
i've completely reversed my my whole
belief system and situation
of how i used to be as a content creator
and i hope that people see that that
comes through
uh on a daily basis on my streams so a
few more shout outs ryan just took me
five dollars
i gotta go for a bit but i'll catch up
to youtube uploads hope to ask the king
goes well thank you ryan
um for the support and thanks for
hanging out a little bit that you did
uh that is the biggest tip of the day
so we're up to 14 tips so far today out
of our 100
tips goal on this stream um yoshino
lover cheers okay i understand now
thanks for answering that's the only
question that came in mind
i didn't feel like it would be a
question to ask on a gameplay stream
fair enough and i gave you a good amount
of time to answer it
ats 318 says i was curious what do you
think was the major factor in and then
it cut off he did cheer it again he says
in videos like spiderman doing so well
compared to other videos you made
um because i was the only person doing
that kind of content back then
i was the only person back in 2009 who
was doing these raw
unedited gameplay chunks of games
with improv comedy commentary over it
were there people doing let's plays back
then yes and
admittedly people were doing them way
before i ever started but they were kind
of dry and boring a lot of people were
doing it more as walk-throughs than
play-throughs
and a lot of people just honestly
weren't very entertaining to watch
people told me wow you've got a funny
personality paired with doing this raw
live commentary on the game and we
haven't seen anyone do it
and as entertaining of a way that you do
and i kind of blew up to the point where
it popularized
that kind of gameplay video on youtube
at the time
um i would say probably 2008 through
like 2011
i was one of the top guys for that kind
of improv style
let's play slash play through commentary
um and it wasn't until 2012 that there
was kind of a backlash against me
because i became kind of this big headed
guy
obstinate as i just described um but
again i'm not saying i wasn't either
with the originators i was not i was
just the guy who
happened to be lucky happened to become
popular and popularized that kind of
gameplay video
um and that's why the spider-man thing
blew up at that time people were looking
for fun spider-man games
on youtube they type in spider-man boom
my video comes up
right beastbot took me a dollar thirty
so i'm not gonna lie 2020 has been good
for me too i feel bad for other things
on the grand scale of course
you look at this year overall it's been
a [ __ ] year for everybody
we got coronavirus ruining everything we
got black lives matter
uh movement coming out because people of
color are being insanely mistreated in
this country
we've got all kinds of crazy unrest and
things like i said
this last few months i can't i don't
know where they went i know i was here
every day on stream with you guys
but this is just like crazy to me like
i've had
the coronavirus lockdown the vest streak
like all the stuff going on it's just
it's nuts
it's it's crazy you know it doesn't feel
normal
it doesn't the world does not feel
normal right now it just feels like
crazy shit's happening all over the
place
you know um angelo betcha did 100
says it's the law of attraction your bad
attitude led to bad things happening
your improved attitude leads to
improvement
i see angela bestrum maybe maybe that's
what it is
but the other thing that's happened with
me
is that you get highs and lows so right
now i'm gonna be very honest with all of
you
even though things have been going
really well for me this year i'm really
scared
and i haven't really said this publicly
i'm scared and here's why i'm scared
because every time in my life that i've
had an extended period of good stuff
happening
it flips and becomes insanely bad right
like things will look like they're
turning around for me and then all of a
sudden something comes out of nowhere
and it's just like hits me like a
[ __ ] freight train
and now i get screwed over again for a
long time and right now
things are getting better and i'm
excited and i'm incredibly terrified
about what's gonna happen with this tax
situation
like i'm really worried that like i'm
gonna get slammed with penalties and the
government's gonna demand money i don't
have
and now what's gonna happen you know i
am i'm really [ __ ] nervous about it
so i'm hoping that the positivity that
i've had
and tried to portray and put through on
streams
and being a more positive constructive
person willing to change and learn and
grow
and being wiser i'm hoping that that's
that pattern
of positivity and success is going to
continue i am i hope so
i really want it to but i have this
nagging
in the back of my head that's telling me
that stuff's gonna
gonna go wrong i hate that i [ __ ]
hate that i hate that feeling
in the back of your mind feeling like
you're never going to be successful
you're never going to be to the point
where you were at one point
you're never going to be set your family
is always going to be in jeopardy and
everything being
financially and stuff behind us i hate
that [ __ ] feeling but it's always
there
it always is just there and it's weird
because
i thought that my bankruptcy went
through that maybe i'd be able to feel a
little better which i did admittedly at
first but then it kind of sunk in that
you're not
you're not there yet you know what i
mean like
you're you're not through it yet you're
you're got a good
you jumped over a giant hurdle that was
in your way but there's still more to
come
i mean that was one of the giantest
things you needed to get over
but you're not there yet you know and
it's kind of worrying me
that something's not gonna go the way
that's gonna be good for me i don't know
that's just how i am though you know
like i told you guys in the past i've
had
pretty bad depression at one point in my
life and in reality it's probably that
nagging depression that pulls me back
and makes me think the bad things the
bad thoughts that things aren't going to
go good i don't deserve it
there's always going to be no matter how
much success i have i'm going to things
are going to get [ __ ] up for me and
everything i don't want to believe that
i want to be a positive guy but that's
what happens when you have something
like that an ongoing mental health issue
is
you oh it'll always pull you back to the
negative eventually and that sucks i
don't like that i don't want that to
happen
i want to stay positive i want to be a
positive person for the rest of my life
and i hope that i can be you know
so we'll see what happens that's all we
can do
tina abortion took me four dollars 20
cents and says go on pka
i don't know what the hell you're
talking about but thank you for the tit
i don't know why the hell you chose the
name teen abortion it's pretty [ __ ] up
okay we're up to nineteen dollars in
tips let's get to the next question here
okay
all right um from jeff bezos right now
who somehow sprouted arms i was able to
type a question on my forums
it says do you ever feel like the gaming
landscape is becoming too homogeneous
with a few notable exceptions it seems
like aaa gaming is more focused on
providing more of the same
i have been calling this out i'd say the
past three years
that sadly even the biggest aaa games
and even the studios
that used to take chances and put out
varied content
take chances with crazy new ips almost
no one's doing that anymore
it seems okay what game are you making
i'm making a third person shooter blue
right into that category what are you
making i'm making a first person action
game real
right into that category i'm making an
rpg you see what i mean and then they
all just fall
kind of cookie cutter in the line of
what's expected from those genres
maybe you'll have a tweet here or tweet
there but i think the worst
the worst offenders of this are games
like fallout 76
or um [ __ ] what was the one that bioware
put out i can't even remember the name
of it anymore because it was such a flop
no one talks about it
i can't even remember the name of the
goddamn game anymore
but those are the things that that's
happening now these these these games
anthem yeah it's called anthem i
couldn't even remember the name of it
the game's just falling into this
category oh battle royale is very
popular right now
we got to make a battle royale game but
everyone else already make a battle
royale game i don't care what everyone
else did we're making we're jumping on
that bandwagon we're making that goddamn
money
you see um so
that's the problem i think with modern
gaming is that these companies instead
of taking chances and doing things that
are unique fun gameplay experiences
instead what they're doing is they're
just trying to say how do i guarantee
profit how do i guarantee return on the
investment
you can't do that especially when you're
doing something that's create considered
creative or a work of art
yeah it's business but also you got to
make something that's going to be it's
unique and different
that people are going to like not oh
it's the same as every other game that
everyone's played but just because those
games made money ours will too
i think the worst defender of this in
the last few years has been the co-op
shooter games again the anthems the
fallout 76's
the destinies these games all are
exactly the same i'm sure you can think
of a million the division two there's
probably like 10 12 14 of these games
that have come out
over the last three four years they all
feel like you're playing the same
[ __ ] game yeah there's variation oh
it's first person instead of third
but they all have the same goal constant
repetition grinding of combat
cooperation with a team getting loot
improving your guy over time you know
what i mean
and they're not unique and fun at all
and if you actually
just kind of skip over them you've
missed nothing you literally didn't miss
anything in the gaming landscape if you
didn't play them
is there an audience for them absolutely
team-based
shooters or team-based gameplay like
that
has a big big uh hold on modern gaming
people who just want to play online with
their buddies
and chill and have a beer and hang out
and have this cooperative experience
but if every major studio puts out a
game like that there's no innovation and
we don't get any advancement in games
i've actually said this in the last
console generation but the xbox one and
the ps4
i don't feel we had much innovation at
all this console generation
what we had was expanding upon previous
things that were already
successful like open world exploration
and sandbox
style games and rpgs have expanded huge
you now can put out games that are like
50 60 hours long right
but if you actually look at the quality
of the gameplay in the game
it's kind of the same as what we were
always doing it's a lot of grinding
repetition not very fun stuff you know
not every game
turned into witcher 3 and that's sad it
would have been nice if every game did
turn into witcher 3
but instead what you had is every game
added on a ridiculous amount of open
world content that's pretty much a waste
of everybody's time and you didn't need
to do
um so it's weird
because this year 2020 we've had
a lot of games that people swore
we're going to be giant blockbuster oh
my god
jaw-dropping game of the year releases
and i have not played one yet every game
i played this year and i've covered
every major release
lackluster underwhelming followed a
formula
or tried to veer too far from a formula
and ended up not working like for me it
was example that would be do maternal
where it went too much into the constant
visceral rock paper scissors gameplay of
the first person shooter stuff
to keep maintain your momentum and it
just became too much about momentum
and adrenaline fueled gameplay rather
than actual game development
um i just haven't really liked anything
that much this year
and that's sad as someone who's done
this for 12 years this is probably
the most disappointing year for me for
games um
and a lot of the things is because
people didn't really do that much
for game like the games that came out
were were just
checking a checklist this is what you
expect from the game here it is here it
is here it is here it is here's your
game
well that's great but i've already had
that from other game dev studios i've
already played that game why would i
want your game give me a reason
give me something interesting give me
something fun refreshing different
or or an innovation on something
previously that didn't happen and really
that hasn't happened i would say the one
game actually that stands on my mind is
the last of us
part two where the gameplay the world
design everything did improve from the
first game
but it was all soured by an awful story
so it's kind of like
even that they tried and then they
failed because of something else so
i agree that aaa gaming in the gaming
landscape this year in particular
is kind of deflating and kind of
disheartening um
because the games do feel like it's just
more every game is just more the same
more of the same more of the same
and then when you get again that looks
like it's going to be unique and
interesting for some reason it just
doesn't hit the mark
i hope that that'll change i certainly
hope that there's going to be better
stuff coming
works with dork7 we subscribe for 36
months that's three
years of support and he says been so for
three years let's go thank you very much
orchestra dorks for three ongoing years
of support i really appreciate that
okay continuing on the next question
here
is from beautiful butterfly
where can i get the best tasting pollen
well i'm going to
actually that's not the question is
which of these games would you say is
the best valve game
half-life 2 portal or left for dead see
questions like this i kind of laugh
about
because i feel that questions like this
cannot really be answered
objectively and you guys know me i like
to approach things from a factual
perspective
a logical perspective i like first of
all i like all three games i think
half-life 2
is a really great story with some really
great puzzle elements in the gameplay
okay i didn't play half-life 2 when it
was a new release so i can't speak to it
being oh my god the graphics were
groundbreaking at the time i have no
idea i only played it later on
when it was ported to consoles and stuff
that's when i actually experienced half
life too
portal i played on pc when it was a new
release
and the portal series is pretty awesome
graphically no
but just the gameplay elements and the
story are very intriguing
and it's one of the most unique gameplay
experiences i've ever had in my life
i'm disappointed they only made portal 1
and 2 and that was the end of it
um left 4 dead i mean that was amazing
when that came out it was a really well
developed
first person cooperative zombie survival
game with
really fun stages that weren't focused
on oh my god it has to have a five hour
story narrative going instead it was
these little snippets of story
tossed into different maps different
enemy types challenges
that was a really well done game man it
was
but when you talk about those games
they're all so very different
right really half-life 2 very narrative
story-driven game with cool puzzle
elements and some combat
portal mostly puzzles that are gonna you
know rack your brain with some really
quirky story
but mostly puzzle element gameplay love
for dead
pure action based
crazy gameplay action and really fun
survival co-op gameplay
they're all completely different how can
you look at all three games and be like
which one's better which one's better
here's the thing i really enjoy
half-life 2 but out of the three games i
gotta say that's the one that's the
lowest on the list for me and i know
people will be freaking out
how dare you phil half-life 2 was one of
the best
franchise or press games of all time the
franchise one of the best franchises of
all time
you have to understand my perspective is
i didn't play those when they were new
i didn't i didn't play half-life one and
two when they were new i played them so
many years later and i appreciate those
games
absolutely i do but i'm not like
oh my god i played when they were new
and they were revolutionary games back
in the day you see what i mean
playing a game much later is for it's
it's harder
to to appreciate something when you play
it when it's already outdated
you see what i'm saying like some people
say oh these these classic retro
platformers that i've been playing
recently or some of the best games ever
made i'm like i like them
i don't know if i would go that far
because i didn't play them when they
were new and i can't compare it to all
the other stuff that came out at that
time because i wasn't there
playing it at that time you see
um if i had to
decide between portal and left 4 dead
i would probably go left for dead as
crazy as that sounds and here's why
it's pure nostalgia factor for me left 4
dead came out the year i started on
youtube
it was one of the games that i was doing
ongoing coverage of and play throughs of
our playthrough coverage of on youtube
uh during 2008 when i
first got my start and i loved playing
the game
when the sequel came out i played the
[ __ ] out of the sequel it kind of has
that nostalgia factor for me kind of
like
when people ask me what's my favorite uh
gta game and i could give you all these
factors factually
oh i think that vice city has the best
world design and the best music since
80s
oh but you know what san andreas has a
really good gameplay element
and a good story oh but you know what
this
for me it's gta 4. why
i like the story more than all the other
games and it's the first major gta game
i ever played it was at a time
when i was leaving competitive street
fighter i wanted to get re-immersed in
the world of console gaming and gaming
as a whole
which i had pretty much ignored for the
last decade because i was just so into
competitive street fighter i wasn't
really paying attention
to what was going on with modern games i
hadn't played any of the other gta's
and i sat down and played gta 4 in its
entirety and i
was blown away the fact that the game
was so realistic at the time keep in
mind it's a long time ago when it was a
new release but the game looked great
on the xbox 360 the game's story felt
realistic to me
it was a comp a character like nico
bellick you felt compassion for this guy
and the [ __ ] that he went through during
the course of the game
you came i've been in new york city a
million times and liberty city was very
similar to new york city
uh with the way that it was laid out
which is really neat um
what's going on
oh what's going on people are freaking
out
uh people are saying my stream died and
it went back online
well i'm looking
and i'm here
why do people always do that when the
stream blips
people uh people tend to believe
that like it's the absolute worst okay
when a stream blips out people tend to
believe it's the absolute worst
like oh my god the stream blipped phil's
banned from twitch
relax i'm sure there's five million
other logical explanations for what's
going on before
uh you know phil's banned from twitch
i don't know why people freak out like
that um
but no i'm looking here my connection
didn't drop my internet's still working
fine so it was nothing on my
end it more than likely was something on
twitch's end
some kind of a weird thing okay
okay anyway let's continue so for me
gta 4 is like the best gta game
only because i played it at a time when
i was trying to re-immerse
myself in video games and it was the
game that blew me away
now objectively when i look at it on
paper compared to other gta games you
could argue the gameplay of gta 5 is
more robust it's a longer game it's a
better game
you could argue that there's more
nostalgia factor classic stuff with the
older ones but
gta 4 i just still kind of hold up in
that high regard
i would probably play it again right now
if people wanted me to i
play it i enjoy it it's really nostalgic
for me to play gta 4.
it is um so that's why when you ask me
uh have life 2 portal or left 4 dead i
say left 4 dead because that was a game
that was when i was starting on youtube
it really was an awesome game to play
and record and have
i enjoyed watching people's reactions to
my gameplay every time i played it it
was just so fun
okay all right got time for a couple
more questions before we take our first
break
um dsp and wings juice did you forget
dragon ball z kakarot released this year
uh it has not been fully disappointing i
didn't say that but it certainly isn't
game of the year material either it's
far too repetitive and doesn't innovate
at all
archangel 07 resubscribed for 27 months
thank you archangel i appreciate that
all right continuing on the next
question is from
the gambler he says my question to you
is about wrestling as a big wrestling
fan i loved your series smart guys i'm
wondering your entire history of
watching wrestling what is your favorite
match or feud
what was it that made the match so
special for you and what do you think
would make for the greatest wrestling
match of all time
be it wwe or aw or outside of that new
japan
thanks for taking the time to read this
if it doesn't make it then continue
having a great show for ask the king
see when i used to watch just wwe
my answer would be give me an amazing
technical match because you don't see
them that often
okay um now
matches have gotten way more technical
especially stuff that's not on
mainstream wwe but maybe this stuff on
nxt nxt uk
hell anything you watch on aew or new
japan you get that technical wrestling
um for me
the thing that that stands out for me
was the the rivalry between cm punk and
john cena
2012 during the time when there was a
big time of transition
for wwe they were trying to go more into
content that was less about the big
reuted dudes and the top faces and
instead trying to bring in talent that
maybe wasn't necessarily the top guys
and you had the mic drop promo and the
whole thing where cm punk won the title
but he was so upset with the company
that he left obviously the whole thing
was staged
we all know that now but back then it
felt important
it felt like pro wrestling really did
need to change that it'd become this
really weird place of
sexism and just weird [ __ ] going on that
wasn't entertaining to watch anymore
and that there was going to actually be
an active change because cm punk was a
rebel standing up for everyone
and speaking things and saying things
about pro wrestling that wasn't
uh necessarily said at all on mainstream
wwe
but the problem was that it was all
scripted like you know what i mean like
cm punk was told go out there and say
that stuff and he did and i'm sure they
didn't know everything he was gonna say
but then what happened he won the title
he left the company
came back you know ended up holding the
title for a really long time
ends up dropping it in a really pathetic
match to the [ __ ] rock out of nowhere
which completely undermined
all of the work the cm punk had done up
to that point trying to change the
company
and then within a year cm punk said [ __ ]
this this company's falling apart i they
undid everything that i stood for any
quick so
if anything it was like he started a
movement
right and then that movement was
completely destroyed by wwe within two
years and he said [ __ ] it and he left
and it was all for nothing
and that's why i really don't invest
myself in wrestling anymore because
anything that happens anything that
changes or anything that improves
at a moment's notice they could all say
oh [ __ ] it and then it all gets undone
and you don't care anymore
so that's why i'm really not a big
wrestling fan anymore i mean do i will i
follow the plot lines will i on social
media follow what's going on with the
stuff yes
but do i care no
okay last question and then we're going
to take a break
this question actually shout out to
seasonal omner who just researched god
for 20 months
i think he's a loner for that i
appreciate that um
iggy small says what was the funniest
gaming session you had while drunk
well i don't drink and stream or drink
and play games anymore
at all the only exception to that rule
may be christmas time if i'm doing a
christmas event
i'll have some eggnog or i'll have some
beers or whatever but
i do not do that anymore but back in the
day when i first started on youtube
before i did it professionally before
anything was taken seriously usually
if i was gonna play games overnight or
late night i would drink
and my drink of choice was rum and coke
and i would sit there drinking
while playing and it was certainly a
unique experience
um people i'm sure right now would start
bringing stuff up
from that time period and say oh this
was the biggest thing this was the
biggest thing
but i think the one that everyone goes
back to was my fallout 3 playthrough
i was playing through the game and i was
in
uh the town i forget the name of the
town but this is the town where i guess
the kids have been
growing up in little lamplight which is
a cave society of just children
and when they grow up they get exiled
they can't live there with the kids
anymore
and as they went out uh into the wild
they all just grew up in this other town
okay so the people who lived in this
town
really weren't adults they were kind of
children who never were taught how to be
adults but they were just trying to
learn how to be adults on their own they
were all kind of immature they would get
into fights and do stupid [ __ ]
and i remember having uh if i remember
correctly
i remember if i rescued one of them that
was captured by a super mutant or
whatever
but for some reason i went to the town
and one of them got mad at me
because of dialogue options or something
and they wanted to fight me and i
killed everyone in the town because i
basically pulled out a gun and defended
myself and everyone aggro to me in the
town
and i was drunk and really angry i was
like
[ __ ] this if you all you're gonna attack
me i'm gonna [ __ ] you and i just
killed them all because i was drunk i
didn't care now today if i'm playing a
game like fall out
and something happens i agree with an
npc i'm really damn i want to reload
that's messed up i want to try to do
this non-violently and figure out what
the best way to do it is
back then i didn't give two shits so the
[ __ ] this nuka mall
so i was running through town using
healing i was killing everyone it was a
bit of slaughter
it was it was a huge [ __ ] slaughter
where i just slaughtered
everyone uh in the town
it wasn't kids so you can't kill kids it
wasn't the kids it was the the kids who
had grown up
to be too big to live with the kids in
the camp a little lamplight and they
went to this town because they were they
were like young adults
i slaughtered the whole town and people
still to this day will say that's the
funniest part
although that very same played through
again playing it late tonight's drinking
um i got lost in sewers for like two
hours
where i was so drunk that i couldn't see
where i was going in the sewers and i
ended up walking in [ __ ] circles in
the sewers
i couldn't find my way out because i was
so drunk that i couldn't do it i would
say the final
thing that's also uh infamous about back
in the day was my original
batman arkham asylum playthrough during
this playthrough
okay listen to this one there's a part
where you need to figure out that you
need to use a back grappling hook
to grapple from one building across the
way to another
and that unlocks the next portion of the
game if you don't figure this out you're
soft locked
you can't progress in the game i was
drunk and my mind
wouldn't put two and two together about
this at all
so i spent a good like 40 minutes
in this area trying to figure out what
to do swearing so angry
and then people were like you're so dumb
because you were drunk you couldn't
figure out that
you know the game was basically telling
you use the grappling hook to do this
and i just i couldn't get it because my
brain wasn't
the sparks weren't firing in the brain
uh and by the way back then i wasn't a
live streamer
so there was no one on she said phil you
idiot just do it you know it was me
walking around for 40 minutes in a video
and then coming back the next day i was
like man
i was a real idiot yesterday when i was
drunk but now we'll continue on with the
game
so all right
woody's gamer tag to me four dollars 20
cents would you be interested in
pair up paramotoring with me and come on
pka
i don't know what the hell paramotoring
is and i'm pretty sure no one wants me
on painkiller already which i guess is
what people say it stood for
um and i don't care about that but thank
you for the tip all right
thanks so far guys for part one we got
through one page of questions i think we
got about two more
so let's take a quick break when we come
back we'll continue on with more of your
questions if you're watching live on
stream
just give it a few minutes i'll probably
take like maybe a 10 minute 15 minute
break and then come back
if you're watching live on youtube this
will be the end of part one check out
the future parts that'll be coming up
all right thanks guys
so far for everything and i'll see you
after the break